---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - Google Open Source/Codes of Conduct
---

## Google's Approach to Open Source
It was really interesting to see how such a large corporation like Google attempts to add to the open source community. Danna's presentation showed a good look at how to contribute, and the differences between internal and external versions of programs. While it seems a little redundant to have separate versions, I can understand how Google would want a version that they can use amongst themselves that may be a little more reliable than a completely open source one. While they may have some secrets, I admire the fact that they are comfortable enough to share their knowledge and resources with the world. 

## Code of Conduct
After reading the "Go" programming language's code of conduct, I think that this is an amazing thing. While contributing to Moment.js, it would be nice to know that people are all operating by the same principles. Having rules that specifically say to be patient and respectful towards others reinforces regular human decency, and allows a rule book that can be used to enforce the way people are behaving. It helps in promoting a safe space to work, collaborate, and devlop without worrying on how the community will react to you as a newcomer. While I do think every project could benefit from a code of conduct like this, moment.js does not. They have [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/moment/moment/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md), but nothing specifically saying how to act while working within the community. 

## Project Progress
Our team is making good progress towards making our first pull request. We feel as though the community is starting to come alive and be more active, which feels really great. The locale issue that I previously commented on had a little discussion, confirming my assumptions on the issue. This week, we decided which issue we wanted to contribute to, and I recently added a commit that began working on the enhancement, just to get the ball rolling for myself. It was very rewarding to have people recognize my thoughts on the locale issue, and to even make quick little additions to the code. However, I am feeling a little timid in terms of implementing the code on a project of this scale, but I am trying to do little bits at at time to make it more managable over time. 


