---
layout: post
title: Week 5 -- Open Source Proj Selection
---

## Open Source Projects

#### What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source project to work on?
When browsing for projects, I look for things that are both interesting and within my capabilites. After taking AIT with Joe, I have found that I have a large interest for web based applications as well as JavaScript. Therefore, in searching for projects to do I would like to work on something in JavaScript that can be utilized through web technology. 

#### What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (what are your strengths)
In terms of team contribution, I find myself to be an excellent communicator and organizer. In addition to the technical skills I have, I will be focusing on making sure everyone on the team is on the same page and caught up. Currently, I am a Project Manager intern for The Trevor Project, so this is a big interest of mine professionally. 

#### What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?
I am hoping to learn tools to be able to get to know any project to the point where I can contribute to it. So far in my coding career, I have only had assignments that I created from start to finish (mostly). The idea of jumping into a real project that a professor does not have the answer to is definitely stressful. However, I think this will be a good way for me to expand my skills and jump out of my comfort zone to become more edudated and skilled. 

#### What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning to work on an open source project? 
I am most worried about roadblocks that I encounter. In the past I am usually able to ask a classmate, professor, or tutor for some guidance or hint on a problem I am having, but on these projects no one has a clear answer. Like I said above, I hope that this experience refines my skills as a programmer.


## Questions for Aurelia 
1. What initiatives does Mozilla take politically to fight against things like net neutrality?

