---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


### Open Source
When I think about the term "open source" I immediately think about community and collaboration. I find that this is the main benefit of open source environments, is that anyone can contribute and work together to create a piece of software or content that helps other people. Computers are meant to make our lives easier, and open source is a testament to that. While open source is primarily a positive thing, there are some benefits to closed source software as well. Closed software can be more easily controlled, and is easier to profit off of. In addition to the profit question, other potential drawbacks may be the fact that anyone can work on it. I would assume it would be easy to fall into a "too many cooks in the kitchen" scenario. 

### Projects

The open source project I probably use the most is a Facebook Messenger application for Mac OS, which I am constantly using while on my laptop to maintain communication with my friends. In the past, I've used Ubuntu, Audacity, Firefox, and Android. Usually I have used these in conjunciton with school projects (especially Ubuntu and Firefox while taking CSO). However, in my personal use I tend to use alternatives like Windows, Mac OS, Google Chrome, and Safari. While I do usually used closed source software, I enjoy using Open Source on occasion due to the fact that it is completely controlled by the user, which helps implement and improve features of a given program. 


### Questions for Tom

1. Do you think open source projects will be/are as lucrative as closed source?
2. The fact that anyone can work on open source projects, do you find that the public finds some of your best new features?
