## HFOSS
According to the Merrian Webster dictionary, the definition of the word humanitarian (adj) is "relating to or characteristic of people who work to improve the lives and living conditions of other people".   Consider the open source projects that you are familiar with (not necesserily the one that you are working on in this class). Could any of them  be classified as humanitarian  or having humanitarian aspect? Explain. 

I believe that Wikipedia can be considered humanitarian. While it does not fit in with the characteristics of HFOSS explicitly, there is something incredibly helpful and beneficial to the access of information. Through Wikipedia, millions of articles are at our fingertips for free. While information does not directly save lives, it can be beneficial to the development of different communities through the access of knowledge. 

## Moment.js
### Progress
After the in-class time to link up and make a plan, our group has made good strides in contributing to our project. We decided to work together on Thursday to attempt to replicate some of the problems, and found some that were not acutally problems and some that we were able to contribute to. There was one [issue](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/4512) that we were unable to replicate (as well as another contributor). Instead we decided to switch gears and look at an [issue](https://github.com/moment/moment/issues/4508) about language locales, replicated the issue, and shared ideas on potential fixes for the issue. It felt really nice to actually hit the ground running on contributing, and being able to work next to people who are prepared to put their best foot forward. 

### Next Steps
Personally, I really want to make a fix for the locale issue with moment. It was with the Catalan language, and since I studied abroad in Spain and have an interest in languages, I think it would be a great option for me to fix. I aggressively played with moment to figure out why the issue was occuring. Between my interests and experience using moment, I hope to come up with a solution in the coming days. 

## My Contributions
[Trixie Mattel Wikipedia Page](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trixie_Mattel&diff=prev&oldid=830714349)
[Trixie Mattel Wikipedia Page](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trixie_Mattel&diff=prev&oldid=830715984)
[BeBe Zahara Benet Wikipedia Page](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=BeBe_Zahara_Benet&diff=prev&oldid=830717397)
[Ghostery discussion on discrimination of minors] (https://github.com/ghostery/ghostery-extension/issues/6)
