---
layout: post
title: Week 2 -- The Cathedral and The Bazaar
---


### The Cathedral VS The Bazaar
The Cathedral model of programming refers to a similar way in which a Cathedral is created, it is intensely planned and usually completed by masters of their field. In a programming sense, the cathedral model is similar to the way Microsoft or Apple makes their products, in house without much impact from the outside world. These programs are grand, useful, and usually very beautiful in their aesthetic. 

The Bazaar model of programming is a much more collaborative process. Similar to how a bazaar operates, it's a way of programming that incorporates many people's different ideas and contributions for the sake of a greater good. This is quite similar to open source programming and applications such as Linux. Rather than making everything behind closed doors for the sake of building something grand, the bazaar model promotes collaboration to make somehting potentially just as impressive.

In terms of which model I would be more comfortable using, I prefer the idea of the bazaar model over the cathedral model, mainly because of the transparency of the process as a whole. Being able to see the actual source and how the program comes together makes me feel more confident on privacy, and stablity. 

### Lessons to be Learned

#### 1. Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch.
Computer programming is one of the most difficult, brain numbing, and rewarding processes I can think of, and nothing makes the process even more gruesome than when it's for a project that the programmer is not passionate in. Sometimes I would feel so defeated and discouraged working on some programs that I was not interested in, but once I had the chance to start coding my own projects, and being able to see a finished product of something I was proud in, it made me so much more passionate in the project. 

#### 5. When you lose interest in a program, your last duty to it is to hand it off to a competent successor.
What I enjoyed most about this lesson, was the idea that program projects have a life to them, and just because you lose interest in one, doesn't mean it should go to waste and not be used. By finding other people who are passionate and capable to contiune the work you started, the program can be used in the way it was designed (and maybe even in better ways than it was designed) because it is in the correct hands. 
