---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## Team Assessment and Plan

### Strengths and Weaknesses
In speaking with my team members, and reading their blog posts, one of the biggest things I have noticed is everyone's desire to put their best foot forward with this project. Each person noted in their blog post that they have no issue taking on their own challenges, and fulfilling their promises, which seems amazing. Even for the presentation, everyone did an amazing job in finishing their portions on time and making the presentation cohesive as possible. Personally, I want to be able to take all of our productivity and make sure we are all on the same page to make the most out of everyone's work ethic. 

### Common Meeting Time
After discussion, our team has allocated meeting times to T/Th after 6 PM or anytime on Saturday. It's nice that we have a lot of flexibility in meeting times incase different obligations arise. Mainly, Thursday from 6-8PM seems to be the optimal time for everyone involved. 

### Milestones
1. Familiarize myself with moment.js in terms of the acutal program as well as their GitHub
2. Try commenting and reproducting some of the issues to become familiar with them
3. Picking an issue to dedicate some serious time to
4. Perhaps making some quick fixes on documentation or something more simplistic. 
5. End goal would be to make a PR on a bigger issue that ends up being accepted and merged (depending on timing)

## My Contributions This Week
Made another [pull request] (https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/62) and fixed a merge issue on the class site. 
